hi guys i'll show you guys how to clean
an HDTV with this kid here this is the
pure AV kit by belkin but first off i'm
going to say that i know i effed up when
i made that last video on how to clean a
CT I never really show the TV enough in
the video and some people complain about
it so I decide you know I don't make it
in the video do it right this time I
don't know why that happened that turned
out that way I think what happened was I
was in a rush to make it and I sometimes
get in a rush to make videos you know
because I want to keep my viewers here
subscribers so yeah anyways any further
ado else is what this amor inch of my
past anyways as I said this is the pure
avg it by belkin affordable kid I think
it comes with just these two things here
and the microfiber cloth from the
cleaning solution to be exact very soft
microfiber cloth this kit can be used on
monitors LCD plasmas and CRT TVs which
is catheter a TV us something like
they're in that closet their old two TVs
you know they're hopefully you do but
this stuff is alcohol-free low viscosity
chill anti-static now you do not want to
use a
lysol or any type of cleaning agent with
alcohol and on an LCD or plasma
television will ruin the picture I've
heard of people having a rainbow effect
on the picture of the TV and that's just
not enjoyed it also i'm gonna show you
guys how to do this i'm not going to do
it but just demonstrated yeah so you
want to spray the solution onto your
high-definition television or monitor or
to pee and gently rub the solution in
until it's dry you'll want to rub it
pretty much in and tell it's completely
dry you don't want any streaks or
smudges or anything you do not want to
spray it on leave it on just let them
let it soak or just let it set on the
screen that's not how it works you will
want to stay away from the edges of the
product using this on it could ruin the
picture I've heard of people having
rainbow effect on Thea TV
game or off colors because the cleaner
has caught on the inside of the team you
the board if it's even you know it can
happen but out after you do that you
should have a really good picture and I
know I do hope I did it use this cleaner
on this television probably three months
ago it's really not that dusty you don't
want to scratch the screen at all
because if you do it's going to be
noticeable but up yeah this has been a
long awaited video we're kind of taking
a little break from videos's you know
catching up on things and family and
friends and stuff like that and watching
movies of course and if you look at my
near daily bulletin posts you know that
I went saw mostly three great film and
as everybody knows i do reviews on
movies i'll review that anyways I'm
babbling on so yeah I'm going to get
back into the swing of making videos a
little more often and uploading a little
more often so yeah you guys have any
questions feel free to ask
and thanks for watching have a good one
guys